[Music]
wrong turn
2003 explained this story begins in the
farthest forest of west virginia
where we see a couple named rich and
hallie climbing up at the edge of the
desolate road
as rich reaches the top he sees a dirty
stream of water in front of him
and celebrating his victory he
immediately asks hallie to come up
now we see that hallie's foot is slipped
a while climbing but controlling her she
again tries to climb up
here he calls rich for help but gets
worried not seeing him before
suddenly she is shocked finding the
fallen blood drops on her face
she lays eyes on rich who is fallen down
by someone
before understanding anything someone
begins to pull her up forcefully
but she handles herself cutting her rope
but losing her grip
she falls down where she sees rich
corpse
seeing him she starts crying at the same
time
some voices are heard from the mountain
hearing him she moves to her car in
order to rescue her life
but her foot is trapped in a barbed wire
and she falls
and that murderer takes her with him
dragging now we know the occurrence of
robberies in this region where the news
reveals the theft of cars one after
another
even people claim to view a witchcraft
in this area
we again view a passing car in this
region
where we see chris who is going for
interview in another city
during journey he is caught in traffic
jam
and he finds himself late when the
traffic does not move ahead
getting off the car he goes to the front
standing truck
where he asks the reason of traffic jam
from truck driver
driver tells him that at the distance of
five miles
a chemical truck has turned upside down
so they have to spend many hours here
hearing it
he comes to his car and gets in worried
condition
finding himself stuck in traffic he
turns his car around
and he informs company of his being late
but the phone is disconnected because of
the mountain area
in search of phone he sees a board of
gas station and he drives his car there
on the way he observes the owner less
cars one after another
and passing beside them he reaches a gas
station
where he encounters owner of gas station
who seems a sick person
now he tries to inform company people
getting off the car
but he cannot contact because phone is
dead
now he asks from the owner of gas
station about the other address which
leads to city
but he ignores his conversation suddenly
he lays his eyes on the clipped map
there where he finds rough road leading
to city
now he asks about this road from owner
of gas station
hearing it he suggests to go on this way
now he moves to that way where he
reaches an intersection crossing thick
forests
where he notices a board of shortcut
pondering it
he leads his car to that rough road and
he sees a dead deer as a result his car
is crashed with the front car
a fatal accident is occurred of these
both cars but chris is survived
now the owners of this car come to him
asking his state of health
restoring himself he apologizes of his
mistake from them and talks to return
the payment of loss on his part
along it he asks the reason of car
stoppage in the mid of the road
where francine reponds that someone has
spread the barbed wire on the road so
the car's tyre has punctured
one of their friends suggests to go at
the previous gas station for a call
but chris forbids them to go there all
decide to go alone but evan and francine
stop for taking care of the cars
now they discover a dead mongoose on the
way it seems someone has thrown it
tearing its midst
walking at a distance they see the
burning tyres of cars which
indicate the danger but he asks to move
further
there we see francine and evan who feel
a movement in nearby bushes
and he goes to check but francine is got
worried not finding him
she goes after him to search while
walking
she see a shoe of evan as he goes near
it
a cutter of evan is also seen
looking at it she starts crying then a
person puts her into death attaching
we see the remained people at the end of
road all four persons go for a helping
hand
while walking they discover a house and
move towards it for help
chris has gone upset noticing the number
of cars
he knocks at the door for asking help
soon they know
there is no one in the house all come
inside for making a contact where they
see a dinning table
it shows this house has not been cleaned
for a long time
on the other side glasses and car keys
are found
opening the refrigerator he is left
astonished
we find the different limbs in
refrigerator
jesse sees the same barbed wire which
had torn her tyre of car
now all four begin to escape at the same
time chris peeps into the window and
observes a coming vehicle there
all four run to the back door but
finding it locked
all are frightened on the other side
we see the killer who comes inside the
house who throws the dead body of
francine
and we look at the chris and jessie who
suffer trauma seeing the dead body of
her
now we first time observe the three
cannibals who place francine
dead body on the table they start to cut
her with the sharp tools
catching sight of this bloodshed as
jessie is nearly to scream
scott places his hand on her mouth after
a while
those cannibals fall into a deep slumber
as they eat the dead body
finding chance all try to leave
stealthily
during it a cannibal looks at them
seeing him
all escape at the backside at first
sight
cannibals reach there searching them and
chris plans to steal their vehicles and
distracts his attention towards him
screaming
but a cannibal shoots him as a result he
is fallen down receiving injury
observing it all three are shocked now
we notice scott running into the forest
noticing the truck he moves towards it
at the same time
an arrow pierces him and the other three
escape saving their lives
at a distance their truck is stuck in a
mud
and they have to leave truck behind all
three lead to the road from forest
rescuing them
day turns into evening and those
cannibals go for hunting of three of
them
on the other side three of them take
rest at a place after getting tired
where carly asks them to look up as they
look turning themselves
a watchtower is seen in front of them
they feel pleasure
and we see three of them climbing up but
they are saddened finding no one there
where jessie gets a first aid box using
it she dresses chris further
carly gets an old radio playing it carly
asks for help but does not get response
chris hears some sounds coming from
downstairs
as he looks he sees the three passing
cannibals downside
and those three are seen climbing up the
tower and looking um
chris places all belongings on the entry
gate
and after sometimes he sees them going
and carly begins to tell their location
through radio
then the cannibals damage the wire of
radio and set the fire to tower
finding herself in flames carly takes
the kept box and breaks the window of
tower for he safety of her life
chris notices the tree downside and
three of them save their life jumping on
them
the three cannibals observe them and
aiming to catch them
they start to climb up the tree and
seeing their arrival
three of them are seen to move from one
tree to another
while crossing a tree a cannibal reaches
near carly
finding a chance he cuts her into two
pieces attacking on his face
now chris stands up stabilizing him he
hears a sound of vehicle and notices a
police fan
running he stops the car as police man
steps towards him for his help
an arrow pierces his eye now we see a
cannibal who comes to kill chris but
chris hides himself under the car saving
his life
the cannibal bends to search him but is
left astonished finding nothing
now we see a house where the cannibals
had fastened jesse
as one-eyed cannibal is about to kill
jesse
he hears a coming vehicle sound from
outside
hearing it one-eyed cannibal moves to
door
chris attacks sitting in his car and
crushes him
getting off the car he kills the last
beast with the pointed arrow attacking
him
chris unbinds jessie saving her a
cannibal attacks on him during this time
now jesse kills the cannibal with an
arrow while looking chris dying
now both go outside the house suddenly
putting his eye on the police vehicle
chris targets its fuel box with the big
blast
this house is destroyed now we again see
the road where both had reached at the
gas station by
truck and the owner of station locks his
door fearfully as he sees a coming truck
towards him
coming out from the truck chris detaches
the map and departs